The sources in this subdirectory have been modified to support
a multiplayer version of the game.

To most of the game, the single (though sweeping) modification is
to replace each call to printf (for printing any message to the
player) with a call to the new output() function, which outputs
a message to the correct player (that is, the player who typed the
command that resulted in the message; the player who should see
the result of the command just typed).

The new source files multiplayer.c and tcputil.c contain the code for
running the game as a server, accepting connections over the network.

The networking code is based on the BSD Unix socket model,
present in many versions of Unix and in some other systems.
The basic notion is that the game runs as a server, listening for
incoming TCP/IP connections on a certain numeric "port".  Each
time a new connection is received, a new instance of the actor
structure is allocated to handle the new player.

Under some versions of Unix (e.g. Sun Solaris), you may need to
specify -lsocket when compiling, to request the library
containing the socket calls.

To run the game in multiplayer mode, invoke it with the -m flag.
You may also want to put it in the background by appending a &
character on the command line.  That is, you might type

	game -m &

When the game is running in multiplayer mode, it will no longer
accept commands from the keyboard, or print messages to the screen.
Instead, all I/O will be done to and from network connections.

To connect to the game, you can use a telnet client to connect to
the machine where the game is running, on port 4001.  (This port
number is set by the call to socksetup() in multiplayer.c.)
For example, on a Unix host, you might type

	telnet mymachine 4001

To disconnect, you can either use the telnet program's disconnect
feature (for the Unix clients, this is control-] followed by the
letter q), or type the "quit" command (which is redefined in
multiplayer mode to quit just a particular connection, not shut
down the entire game).

If you have a mud client program, you could probably use it, too.

Don't forget to shut down the game server when you're done
playing with it!  You can either use control-C for this (after
bringing the game to the foreground, if you placed it in the
background), or the Unix kill command.
